Josie a Nicoli spent all her life caring
for others professionally at Harrogate
District Hospital where she was an
agency nurse and at home where she
raised her five children they say she
was failed by the NHS which didn't
properly protect her from coronavirus
she was my soul she's making my soldiers
to say if everything I've done wrong
everything had done right shows bomber
said initially
and it's there that they sent her to war
with a shortage of ammo Jayceon died in
hospital on Easter Monday after
contracting kovat 19 age 55 her children
say their mum couldn't afford to stop
working no matter how unsafe she felt
she told me that they gave her let
gloves and that currents and a permit
her colleague was out there's no way
that I could do this like this is
basically the protection that you give
when you're about to wash a patient this
is not for something as serious as
corona Joseon started showing symptoms a
week before she was hospitalized her
sons and daughters want to know why as a
frontline worker she wasn't tested until
it was too late she worked to look
around the world
she was a nurse but all they had to say
yes they hope that it didn't there was
no testing until she actually got into
the hospital the trust which runs the
hospital where Josie and worked says
it's confident all staff have had the
right protective equipment when they
needed it we've kind of accepted the
fact that she's not with us anymore but
she's still surrounding us her aura is
still bare and her smile and
her green still smells like jewelry
smells like her as well
and it just brings us happiness knowing
that she's in a good place and we're
going to make her proud one day this
family don't want to cry they just want
everyone to remember their mother and
what she did to help others
Stacy foster News at Ten leads